Code of Conduct for Brain Station 23 are:
1. Respect to Organizational Value and Culture
    1.1 Comply with office Orders, procedures, and legal official instructions of the higher authority.
    1.2 Not to involve in any activity’s subversive Of BS23’s interest.
    1.3 Not to show disrespect or impatience to duty.
    1.4 Comply with and implement gender policy and eradication of sexual harassment policy.
    1.5 Not to get involved in any activity’s contradictory to BS23’s values and culture.
2. Attendance & Time Management
    2.1 Not to be absent from work workplace without approval of proper authority.
    2.2 Not to indulge in habitual unauthorized absence, late or negligence of duty.
3. Financial Transactions
    3.1 Do not accept any commission, profits, presents or gratification of any kind from any person, firm or Company having dealings with the Company.
    3.2 Do not participate in a job outside of BS-23, or any other outside activity, that may create a conflict of interest by overlapping with or requiring your attention during your scheduled work hours or tenure of employment at BS-23.
    3.3 Not to borrow money from any colleagues and subordinates in any pretext.
4. Dissemination and confidentiality of information
    4.1 Do not divulge either directly or indirectly to any person or body any knowledge or information which you may acquire concerning affairs, property, business, trade matters and secrecy of the company.
    4.2 Maintain confidentiality at Office work
5. Morality and Discipline
    5.1 Do not involve in romantic relationship with a competitor, supplier, or another employee of the Company
    5.2 Not to initiate any action that creates dissatisfaction among BS23’s employee.
    5.3 Not to get involved in corruption or cherish corrupt attitude.
6. Honesty & Devotion
    6.1 Perform duties with honesty and sincerity.
    6.2 Abstain from any act or making any speech or comment that is harmful for BS23 or its management.
    6.3 Not to change, forge or destroy any BS23’s documents.
7. Personal Behavior and Attitude
    7.1 Abstain from being discriminatory in action or behavior.
    7.2 Practice modesty in behavior, address, and speech.
    7.3 Wear locally acceptable dress.
    7.4 Abstain from obstacle to other's work with ill behavior or putting mental pressure.
    7.5 Not to be involved with any political parties directly.
8. Attitude Towards Colleagues
    8.1 Treat all employee equally; irrespective of gender; male or female. All BS23 employees are appointed based on merit and accordingly entitled to receive respect and be evaluated.
    8.2 Build employee relationship keeping in mind the essence that people working together are colleagues and behave with other employees accordingly.
    8.3 ensure colleague-Ike behavior with cooks and service employee.
    8.4 Abstain from using degrading words/language.
    8.5 Avoid slandering and criticizing at the back of others.
    8.6 Not to engage any employee for personal work.
    8.7 Not to ask any employee to come to office on holidays and after working hours.
9. Attitude toward Female Colleagues
    9.1 As per gender policy, be sensitive and respectful to self-esteem and equality of skills and abilities of all employee without regard to male and female.
    9.2 Female employee will get privilege while availing guest room.
    9.3 Not to engage female Employee to entertain of guests
    9.4 Consider security of female employee and take appropriate action when female employee are required to undertake a risky assignment at a remote area in the field.
10. Sexual Harassment/ Harassment
    10.1 Maintain a sexual-harassment-free environment in accordance With BS23'S policy toeradicate sexual harassment.
    10.2 Abstain from disciplining someone by shouting and gesturing or by using slang words.
    10.3 Not to invite or visit one another’s guest/bedroom.
    10.4 Not to touch body of opposite sex in any pretext
    10.5 Discourage riding motorcycle with one of opposite sex in any pretax of work.
    10.6 Inform the Committee tor Eradication of Sexual Harassment and concerned authority as soon as someone is victimized of sexual harassment.
    10.7 Not to hinder BS23’s work environment by making illegal relationship with someone.