Brain Station 23 have a leave policy. All employee have to follow the leave policy.
The objectives of leave policy are:
1. Ensure timely report and accurate absence record
2. Provide framework for leave administration and leave approval
3. Manage absence in line with the entitlement.
4. Provide employees with clear and consistent information on the various types of leaves they may be entitled to & company’s new code of conduct, rules and regulation regarding availing leave.
5. Ensure a fair approach to support employees in balancing their domestic and work responsibilities. Provide information and guidance for managers dealing with requests for leave.
In Brain Station 23 leave year will be considered from 1st July of one year to 30th June of next year.
There are different type of leaves available according to Brain Station 23 Leave policy:
1. Casual Leave: Leave necessary in case of any certain urgency
2. Sick leave: Leave for sick employee.
3. Annual Leave: Leave for annual refreshment and retreat.
4. Maternity Leave
5. Paternity Leave
6. Leave in Probation Period

Casual Leave has been designed for emergency needs only, which are unavoidable. The sudden issues for which we can’t plan beforehand will be covered under this leave.There will be 7 days of casual leave in a leave year but these leaves won’t be carried forward. Remaining leaves will be automatically canceled out. But remaining casual leaves will be encased at the end of a leave year. If somebody takes 3 days of casual leave, at the end of the leave year, s/he will get salary of remaining 4 days unused leave. On the other hand, If somebody takes 11 days of casual leave, at the end of the leave year, his salary will be deducted for extra 4 days leave.

Sick Leave can be used when employee needs medical, dental, optical treatment or any other medical care or have incapacitated by physical or mental illness, injury, pregnancy, or childbirth. In case any employee is caring any virus of any contagious disease in that case also sick leave will be applicable. There will be total of 10 days of paid sick leave for permanent employees. Medical documents must be submitted for obtaining sick leave. Otherwise, the leave will be calculated as casual leave. Remaining sick leaves will be carried forward to next leave year. Maximum number of accumulated leave will be 30 days in a leave year.

Annual Leave this has been designed to give employees vacation periods for rest and relaxation and to provide time off for personal needs. There will be 8 days of Annual Leave in a year for permanent employees. To avail Annual Leave, one must notify at least 2weeks earlier. Leaves not applied 2 weeks earlier will be casual even if planned.Annual leave can be taken 1or 2 times, maximum 3 times in a year.In a team, it is encouraged that not more than 10% or 1 person (whichever is higher) may take annual leave at the same time. So, if 2 person applies for annual leave, it may happen that 1 person is approved for leave based on PM’s decision.Remaining Annual leaves will be carried forward to next leave year.Maximum number of accumulated leave will be 15 days in a leave year. Someone notified PM that tomorrow he/she can't come due to a family emergency, it can't be applied as annual leave. It must be a casual leave.This has been designed to give employees vacation periods for rest and relaxation and to provide time off for personal needs.

Maternity Leave this has been designed for the female staff who conceive and expect to have childbirth.Maternity leave is entitled after one year of being a permanent employee. The employee should inform about probable leave to the HR department minimum 3 months in advance before proceeding on leave. The maximum of 8 weeks paid leave is entitled.There will be an option for leave without pay for maximum 4months.All un-availed leaves (annual+casual+sick) of the running year can be added with maternity leave.

Paternity Leave This type of leave is designed for the employees who have or expect to have responsibility for the baby’s upbringing and is either or both the biological father of his baby/the mother’s husband or partner. There will be 5 days as paternity leave.Only entitled to permanent employees of the organization.Oneneedstonotifyprobableleaveby4weeksearlierthantheexpected week of childbirth.After that when the expected week comes he can then apply for the leave following all necessary procedures