Upon completion of the probation period, an employee is required to submit their duly filled Insurance Form along with NID/birth certificate/passport and that of his/her dependent(s) or nominee for inclusion in medical insurance benefit, which includes the reimbursement of medical expenses (upon submission of duly completed Claim Form and required documents). All permanent employees along with their dependents are covered under this plan and eligible to apply from the date of confirmation after successful completion of the probation period. All confirmed employees will also receive maternity/paternity benefits from the concerned Insurance Company according to their terms and conditions.
Medical Benefits for Brain Station 23 Employees. This document is about the medical benefits. And the process of enrollment in medical benefit.
As Brain Station 23 we are sharing a form with you whereby all our permanent employees who are willing to receive company’s medical coverage benefit can provide us with their information.
Enrollment process are as follows:
1. Please click on the link to fill out the form - https://forms.office.com/r/MYPgu9vDwq

You can learn more about the Benefit Packages in this link https://erp.bs-23.com/blog/hr-department-5/post/bs23-medical-benefits-16

You can follow the link for claim submit process: https://carnivalassure.com.bd/claim/BrainStation23
Required document for IPD Claim (Hospital-in):
a) Scanned/Photocopy of Doctor’s Advice for hospitalization
b) Scanned/Photocopy of Discharge Certificate
c) Scanned/Photocopy of Hospital Bills
d) Other treatment related documents [If necessary]
Required document for OPD Claim (Hospital-out):
a) Scanned/Photocopy of Doctor’s Advice/ Prescription (s)
b) Scanned/Photocopy of money receipt (if any)
c) Other treatment related documents [If necessary]
d) Scanned/Photocopy of Doctor’s Advice for Diagnosis/Medical Test
e) Scanned/Photocopy for Diagnosis/Medical Test
f) Scanned/Photocopy of money receipt of Diagnosis/Medical Test
For Shifting Between Packages follow the process below:
1. Please click on the link to fill out the form -https://forms.office.com/r/MYPgu9vDwq
2.in case of shifting from the running package to another (e.g. to bring spouse/children under the insurance coverage). The concerned authority shall collect the necessary information and documents to enroll the primary insured in a new package.

No benefit shall be paid for expenses or losses resulting from or incurred in connection with or in consequence of the following:
Core Exclusions are:
1.15 days waiting period after registration will be applied for all types of claims.
2. A 90-day waiting period from the date of inception of the policy for Hospitalization claims under maternity purposes.
3. 24 hours hospital waiting period after admission shall be applied for IPD coverage.
4. Maximum 5-day coverage at a stretch shall be considered as single confinement for IPD claims.
5. Only MBBS doctor's prescriptions shall be valid for OPD claims.
General Exclusions:
No benefit shall be paid under this Contract for expenses or losses resulting from or incurred in connection with or in consequence of the following:
1. Any congenital infirmity.
2. Any minor surgery, daycare treatment.
3. Circumcision, prophylactic, and immunization procedures.
4. Mental, emotional, or psychiatric disorders, alcoholism, or any other narcotic addiction.
5. Obesity i.e., treatment for, or required because of obesity, any cosmetic or plastic treatment/surgery, unless required as reconstructive surgery because of an injury due to accidents, burns.
6. Treatment of family planning purposes including termination of pregnancy, sterility or treatment related to assisted reproduction, cost of contraception, cost of female hygiene products like sanitary pads, etc.
7. Any procedures which are experimental or not generally accepted by the medical profession viz. acupuncture, SAAOL, CERAGEM, herbal/ ayurvedic/ unani/ natural/ homeopathy treatment and any Alternative Medical Care (AMC) etc.
8. Treatment or advice by a person or professional not registered under BMDC (Bangladesh Medical & Dental Council).
9. Rest, convalescence or rejuvenation cures, thermal baths, physiotherapy or confinement for the purposes of slimming or beautification.
10 Fracture and trauma due to physical assault, injury arising due to accident while participating in any unlawful activities (e.g., driving a car without a license), attempted suicide, violation or attempted violation of the law, injuries willfully or intentionally self-inflicted or due to insanity or under the influence of a drug.
11. Assembly of artificial limbs & necessary treatment of the said artificial limbs (unless required due to accident)
12. Routine examination of eye and ear, fitting or replacement of eyeglasses (including Intraocular lens or contact lenses) or hearing aids, health screening including routine physical examinations (health check-ups), malignant cancer, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, dialysis, and any dental treatment unless require hospitalization for reconstructive surgery because of an accident.
13. Non-surgical care for tuberculosis, hepatitis B & C and any other vaccinations, all expenses incurred in connection with the donor for any treatment, AIDS, and HIV diseases, lupus and other connective tissue and autoimmune disorders and costs of prostheses, corrective devices.
14. Sleep disorders i.e., treatment for insomnia, sleep apnoea, snoring, or any other sleep-related breathing problem
15. Allergy tests that detect allergen-specific IgE Test, vitamin test.

Health Benefit Package 1 for Single Employee: IPD BDT 5000 Per Night and maximum BDT 25000 per year. OPD BDT 500 per prescription and 20% co-payment and maximum BDT 5000 per year.
Health Benefit Package 2 for Couple Employee: IPD BDT 5000 Per Night and maximum BDT 50000 per year. OPD BDT 500 per prescription and 20% co-payment and maximum BDT 5000 per year.
Health Benefit Package 2 for Couple + 1 Employee: IPD BDT 5000 Per Night and maximum BDT 75000 per year. OPD BDT 500 per prescription and 20% co-payment and maximum BDT 10000 per year.
Health Benefit Package 2 for Couple + 2 Employee: IPD BDT 5000 Per Night and maximum BDT 100000 per year. OPD BDT 5000 per prescription and 20% co-payment and maximum BDT 10000 per year.