Brain Station 23 have Provident Fund Loan Policy. The following are to be considered while borrowing from the Provident Fund.

1. Advance may be at the direction of the Trustee to a member to his/her credit for any of the following purposes:
    1.1 Any expenses incurred in connection with the serious illness of the subscriber or a member of his/her family.
    1.2 To pay expenses in connection with the marriage program of the member or member of his/her family.
    1.3 To pay expenses in connection with repairing a house/flat/car or purchasing a flat/land/car.
    1.4 To pay expenses in connection with paying any education fee of the subscriber or member of his/her family.
    1.5 The loan can be approved for any other reasons subject to the approval of the Board of Trustees.
2. The advance amount shall not exceed the following benchmark:
    2.1 Service Duration is less than 2 years will have 100% of own contribution and 0% of Company Contribution.
    2.2 Service Duration is less than 3 years and more than 2 years will have 100% of own contribution and 40% of Company Contribution.
    2.3 Service Duration is greater than or equal to 3 years will have 100% of own contribution and 90% of Company Contribution.
3. Maximum tenure of the advances will be 5 years/60 months.
4. Eligible loan amount will be not less than Tk. 50,000.
5. EMI will be not less than Tk. 2,000.
6. The advance is interest-free but the member shall not be entitled to a profit for his/her average outstanding advances of his/her PF balance.
7. Any advance granted shall be recovered from the member in such manner of equal monthly installments as the Trustee may direct. The installment will be in whole taka and recovery shall be commenced from the month following the month of borrowings taken.
8. No second advance shall be granted before the settlement of the current outstanding and the member can’t apply for an advance until at least 12 months have elapsed from the current advanced sanction date.
9. Trustee has the right to settle the loan amount from the member's PF balance if the member is unable to pay the loan for any reason.
10. Trustee may revise any decision in case of a special situation.
11. Early settlement of loan is permitted.